Update rule S2695: "PreparedStatement" and "ResultSet" method s should be called with valid indices (#329)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2695/description.adoc

> The parameters in a `PreparedStatement` are numbered from 1, not 0, so using any "set" method of a `PreparedStatement` with a number less than 1 is a bug, as is using an index higher than the number of parameters. Similarly, `ResultSet` indices also start at 1, rather than 0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameters in a `PreparedStatement` are indexed beginning at 1, not 0, so using any "set" method of a `PreparedStatement` with a number less than 1 is a bug, as is using an index higher than the number of parameters. The same indexing style also applies to `ResultSet`.
```
